Indonesia consists only of islands - 13,667 total
During World War II, the very first bomb dropped on Berlin by the Allies killed the only elephant in the Berlin Zoo
People who ride on roller coasters have a higher chance of having a blood clot in the brain
The tallest freestanding sculpture in the world is Chief Crazy Horse in South Dakota, USA
Marie Curie, the Nobel prize winning scientist who discovered radium, died of radiation poisoning
898 tornadoes were recorded to have occurred in the United States in the year 2000.
The word Popcorn is derived from the middle English word "poppe," which means "explosive sound"
The food that is digested in your stomach is called "chyme."
Alcohol beverages have all 13 minerals necessary for human life
The sentence "The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog." uses everyletter in the alphabet. (Developed by Western Union to Test telex/twxcommunications)
The word housekeeping was invented by Shakespeare
The only two days of the year in which there are no professional sportsgames (MLB, NBA, NHL, or NFL) are the day before and the day after theMajorLeague All-Star Game.
In the great fire of London in 1666 half of London was burnt down but only 6 people were injured
Lack of sleep can affect your immune system and reduce your ability to fight infections
All dogs are the descendant of the wolf. These wolves lived in eastern Asia about 15,000 years ago
It is not possible to tickle yourself. The cerebellum, a part of the brain, warns the rest of the brain that you are about to tickle yourself. Since your brain knows this, it ignores the resulting sensation
Parma ham is only Parma ham if it is made in the Parma region of Italy. The British chain supermarket Asda, made and packaged its own "Parma ham" and was successfully sued by the real Parma ham people (Parma Ham Trade Association)
With winds of 50 miles per hour, The Statue of Liberty sways three inches and the torch sways five inches
A famous bullfighter, Lagarijo, killed 4,867 bulls in the 19th century.
Police detectives have used snapping turtles to help them locate dead bodies
In most advertisements, including newspapers, the time displayed on a watch is 10:10
The national sport of Japan is sumo wrestling
The early occurrence of a fetus yawning is at eleven weeks after conception
In a month, a fingernail grows an eighth of an inch
Edward VIII did not officially become the King of England as he abdicated the throne to marry an American divorcee
The book "Little Red Riding Hood" was banned in 1990 by two school districts in California. They did this because in the book there was a picture of a basket that had a bottle of wine in it
The reason why golf balls have dimples on them is because it helps in the ball to move a farther distance by reducing drag
Americans consume the most peanut butter in the world
Celtic warriors sometimes fought their battles naked, their bodies dyed blue from head to toe
To make butter more attractive in colour, carrot juice was used by people in the Middle Ages
Early hockey games allowed as many as 30 players a side on the ice
Most fleas do not live past a year old
It takes seven to ten days to make a jelly belly jellybean
Some asteroids have other asteroids orbiting them
Maine is the only state whose name is just one syllable
The male praying mantis cannot copulate while its head is attached to its body. The female initiates sex by ripping the males head off
There is enough concrete in the Hoover Dam to pave a two lane highway from San Francisco to New York
Americans on the average eat 18 acres of pizza every day
Every 238 years, the orbits of Neptune and Pluto change making Neptune at times the farthest planet from the sun
There is a certain species of kangaroo that is only 2.5 centimetres long when it is born
In a lifetime, the average house cat spends approximately 10,950 hours purring
The real name of Toto the dog in "The Wizard Of Oz" was Terry
Stannous fluoride, which is the cavity fighter found in toothpaste is made from recycled tin
It takes 12 honeybees to make one teaspoon of honey
Thomas Watson, who was the chairman of IBM in 1943 predicted that their would probably only be a world market for five computers.
The largest hamburger cooked in the world weighed in at 6,040 pounds
The first lighthouse was in Alexandria in 290 B.C
Heinz first started making ketchup in 1876 and the recipe has remained the same ever since
The largest wedding chapel in Las Vegas is the Viva Las Vegas Chapel, which can seat 100 people
The most popular name for a pet in the United States is Max
Spiral staircases in medieval castles are running clockwise. This is because all knights used to be right-handed. When the intruding army would climb the stairs they would not be able to use their right hand which was holding the sword because of the difficulties of climbing the stairs. Left-handed knights would have had no troubles, except left-handed people could never become knights because it was assumed that they were descendants of the devil
The largest shopping mall in the world is the West Edmonton Mall located in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada
The CN Tower located in Toronto, Ontario Canada took a total construction time of 40 months to complete at an original cost of $63 million
The 20th president of the United States, James Garfield, was able to write Greek with one hand and Latin with the other at the same time
The country of Andorra has a zero percent unemployment rate
In Los Angeles, there are fewer people than there are automobiles
A woman has approximately 4.5 litres of blood in her body, while men have 5.6 litres
In India, pickled ginger, minced mutton and a cottage cheese like substance are popular pizza toppings
Oral-B were the first toothbrushes to go to the moon when they were aboard the Apollo 11 mission
A maple tree is usually tapped when the tree is at least 45 years old and has a diameter of 12 inches
In 1998, a law passed in the U.S. state of Virginia allows drivers to keep their road kill, as long as they report it within 12 hours. updated
A language becomes extinct in this world every two weeks
An acre of trees can remove about 13 tons of dust and gases every year from the surrounding environment
The decomposition point of Olive Oil is 220 degrees Celsius
Ten radishes only contain eight calories
Annually a thousand people are killed by scorpions in Mexico
Every year, 100 million sharks are killed by people
Tug of war was an Olympic event from 1900-1920
Of all the countries, Brazil has the most plant species, with over 56,000
One female mouse can produce up to 100 babies a year
Impotence is grounds for divorce in 26 U.S. states
Women who are romance novel readers are reported to make love 74% more often with their partners than women who do not read romance novels.
The average lifespan of a human taste bud is ten days
The monogram "RR" for Rolls-Royce has never been altered, except for when Sir Henry Royce passed away in 1933. Then it was changed from red to black.
People with darker skin will not wrinkle as fast as people with lighter skin
Fido means faithful in Latin
Pebbles cereal was actually named after the shape of the cereal and not the Pebbles Flintstone character
A group of kangaroos is called a mob
Cat's urine glows under a blacklight.
Every three seconds, a new baby is born
More than 260,000 people have been killed by volcanic activity since 1700 AD.
The only predator that polar bears have are humans
Many insects can carry 50 times their own body weight
The last land battle of the U.S. Civil War was fought in Texas
Annually 7 million tons of textiles and clothing is thrown out. Out of this, only 12% is used again or recycled
A scorpion can have up to 12 eyes
A snake charmer in Bangladesh once found 3,500 poisonous cobras and their eggs hidden underneath the floors of two suburban homes
The IRS employees tax manual has instructions for collecting taxes after a nuclear war
There are approximately fifty Bibles sold each minute across the world
The pectin that is found in apples aids in lowering cholesterol levels
Post-It Notes, which are adhesive notes, were invented while looking for a way to improve the acrylate adhesive found in tapes
Crayola Crayons currently has over 120 different crayon colours
Odontophobia is the fear of teeth
The width of a tornado can range from less than ten yards to more than a mile.
In Johannesburg, the average car will be involved in an accident once every four years.
The youngest actress to be nominated as best actress is Keisha Castle-Hughes who was nominated at just 13 years old
The Taj Mahal was actually built for use as a tomb
According to studies, an average roll of toilet paper lasts about five days in the bathroom
Almonds are members of the peach family
The oldest known disease in the world is leprosy
A fall of 30 feet can be survived my most cats
The largest member of the dolphin family are orcas
In 1477, the first diamond engagement ring was given to Mary of Burgundy by Archduke Maximillian of Austria
The hormone replacement drug "Premarin" is made from the urine of pregnant horses
TWIX Caramel Cookie Bars were first introduced in 1979
Nintendo was first establish in 1889 and they started out making special playing cards
People over the age of fifty will start to lose their dislike for foods that taste bitter
In Kentucky, 50 percent of the people who get married for the first time are teenagers
Elephants have been known to learn up to 60 commands
On average 1,668 gallons of water are used by each person in the United States daily
Copper is the second most used metal in the world.
Milton Bradley originally wanted to name the game Twister, Pretzel; but he could not since the name was copyrighted
According to studies, men prefer to have white bedrooms and women prefer to have blue bedrooms
If someone was to fly once around the surface of the moon, it would be equal to a round trip from New York to London
St. Patrick never really drove out any snakes from Ireland. This story was an analogy of how he drove paganism out of Ireland
Fat is important for the development of children and normal growth
The most common seasonings found in American homes are chili powder, cinnamon, and seasoned salts
People who have eaten beetles say that it tastes like apples
Montreal was named after a local mountain "Mont Royal."
Millie the White House dog earned more than 4 times as much as President Bush in 1991. And, rightfully so
In an average lifetime, a person will spend 4 years travelling in an automobile and six months waiting at a red light.
A small drip from a faucet can waste up to 50 gallons of water daily, which is enough water to run a dishwasher twice on a full cycle
Kotex was first manufactured as bandages, during W.W.I
The longest Monopoly game ever played was 1,680 hours long, which is seventy straight days
The first known contraceptive was crocodile dung, used by Egyptians in 2000 B.C
Over 1,600 people in North America have been victims of trunk entrapment (being locked inside of a car trunk)
A rhinoceros horn is made of compacted hair
In 1992, when EuroDisney first opened in France, the public beat some of the park characters because at the time most people had been against the park being built
A jiffy is an actual unit of time for 1/100th of a second. Thus the saying, I will be there in a jiffy.
There is a muppet named Kami that appears on the South African version of the T.V. show "Sesame Street" that is HIV-positive
There are approximately one hundred million people in the United States that have a chronic illness
The oldest working Post Office in the world is located in the village of Sanquer, located in the Scottish Lowlands. It has been operating since 1712
Columbia University is the second largest landowner in New York City, after the Catholic Church
Approximately three jars of peanut butter are sold every second
In Australia, the average person uses 876 gallons of water daily. In Switzerland they use only 77 gallons of water per person daily
Every person has a unique tongue print
Hair will fall out faster on a person that is on a crash diet
In 1890, there was no sunshine for the whole month of December in Westminster in London.
Charles Darwin spent 39 years studying earthworms
The Boeing 737 is nicknamed the Fat Albert
Florida has twice as many lightning injuries and deaths than any other state
Chocolate can be fatal to dogs. Chocolate contains a chemical theobromine, which is poisonous to dogs
In China, there is a species of yam that is used to make a dye
Annually, approximately 46 millions Cokes, five million pounds of french fries, and seven million hamburgers are consumed at Walt Disney World Resort
The Chihuahua Desert is the largest desert in North America, and is over 200,000 square miles
Every continent begins and ends in the same letter. eg AfricA, EuropE
Baseball games between college teams have been played since the Civil War
The real name of actress Whoopi Goldberg is Caryn Elaine Johnson
Researches have discovered that eating five or more apples a week is linked to better functioning of the lungs
Boeing completed more than 15,000 hours of wind-tunnel testing on the first 747
The most popular ethnic food in the United States is Italian food
Parts of the Dead Sea Scrolls appeared for sale in the June 1, 1954 issue of the Wall Street Journal
If the population of China walked past you in single file, the line would never end because of the rate of reproduction
The YKK that you see on zippers stands for Yoshida Kogyo Kabushiki Kaisha which is the name of the founder of the zipper manufacturing company in Japan
The theme song of the Harlem Globetrotters is "Sweet Georgia Brown."
27% of female lottery winners hid their winning ticket in their bras
To lose one pound of fat, a person has to burn approximately 3,500 calories
In 1969, the American side of Niagara Falls was stopped completely for several months
The name for insect poop is frass
A can of Pepsi has 41 grams of sugar. This amount to about seven teaspoons of sugar
Montreal is actually located on an island
There are over 2,000 species of butterflies in the rainforests of South America
The world record for the number of body piercings on one individual is 702, which is held by Canadian Brent Moffat
Before toilet paper was invented, French royalty wiped their bottoms with fine linen
The earliest known example of an organized market for equities dates from Rome, second century B.C
There are over 2,000 different species of cactuses
Each day 400 gallons of recycled blood are pumped through the kidneys
Ten percent of the Russian government's income comes from the sale ofvodka.
Apples, not caffeine, are more efficient at waking you up in the morning
Bananas were discovered by Alexander the Great in 327 B.C. when he conquered India
Levan, which is located in Utah, got its name from "navel" which is levan spelt backwards. It was named this because it is in the center of Utah
Approximately one out of four injuries by athletes involve the wrist and hand
Former U.S. President Abraham Lincoln suffered a nervous breakdown in 1836
Musk is extracted from the bottom of a civet, and is used as an ingredient to make perfumes.
The first human heart transplant happened on December 3, 1967. Unfortunately the patient only lived for eighteen days, succumbing in the end to pneumonia
In New York City there are 6,374.6 miles of streets
The sound made by the Victoria Falls in Zimbabwe is so loud that it can be heard 40 miles away
Ancient Egyptians used to think having facial hair was an indication of personal neglect
In Czechhoslovakia, there is a church that has a chandelier made of human bones
The largest hotel in the world is the MGM Grand, which has 5,034 rooms and is located in Las Vegas, Nevada
The plastic things on the end of shoelaces are called aglets
The fleshy bulbs on each side of your nose are called the Alea (AY-lee) singular Ala (AY-luh)
Male koalas mark their territory by rubbing their chests on a tree. Male koalas have a dark scent gland in the middle of their chest
An octopus has three hearts
Roses generally need around 6 hours of sunlight to grow properly.
Buttermilk does not contain any butter, but is a cultured milk product which is usually made from fat free milk
Pineapples were first called "anana", which is Caribbean for "excellent fruit."
Human birth control pills work on gorillas
The tallest woman that ever lived was Zeng Jinlian who was 8 feet 2 inches tall of China. Shed died at the age of 17
An adult "Gold Frog" measures to be 9.8 millimeters in body length
Each day, anywhere from 35-150 species of life go extinct
Alexander Graham Bell, the inventor of the telephone, never telephoned his wife or mother because they were both deaf
Alexander the Great made his troops eat onions as he believed it would prove their vitality
Bill Russell was the first black head coach of a major league pro sports team
In 1945, a seven ounce bathroom cup was the first item Tupperware marketed
Central air conditioners use 98% more energy than ceiling fans.
The king of hearts is the only king without a mustache
Men can read smaller print than women; women can hear better
Everyday, U.S. business use enough paper to circle the Earth over 20 times
The Welwitschia plant can live up to 1,000 years
The dromedary camel can drink as much as 100 litres of water in just 10 minutes
According to the American Institute of Stress, job stress approximately costs the U.S. industry over $300 billion dollars per year
It takes 72 minutes for the restaurant at the top of the CN Tower to make one revolution
Coffee beans were chewed for more than 400 years before the first cup of coffee was brewed
All of the Peking ducks in the United States are descendents from three ducks and one drake imported to Long Island, New York in 1873
The first British ship to use the SOS distress signal was the Titanic
The Spring peeper (a frog) can survive the winter season with 65% of its body water as ice
Studies have shown that the scent of Rosemary can help in better mental performance and make individuals feel more alert
The search engine Google got its name from the word "googol," which refers to the number one with a hundred zeros after it
The Goliath beetle is about the size of your fist and can weigh as much as 3-4 ounces
If you fart consistently for 6 years and 9 months, enough gas is produced to create explosion that is equal to an atomic bomb
Humans have about the same number of hair follicles as a chimpanzee has
Studies indicate that listening to music is good for digestion
The Chihuahua was named after the Mexican state where they were discovered
There are no snakes in New Zealand
The most popular grown bulbs are tulips
Every day the human stomach produces about 2 liters of hydrochloric acid
The country of Bolivia is named after a fighter Simon Bolivar
Peanuts are one of the ingredients of dynamite
The first state to give the right to women to vote was Wyoming
In 1949 UNICEF produced the first charity Christmas card. The picture shown on the card was painted by a seven year old girl
Archeologists report that cannabis was most likely the first plant cultivated by humans. Cannabis was used for linen, paper, and garments
The garfish has green bones
Women who drink more than two cups of coffee a day have a higher chance of developing osteoporosis
The banana was officially introduced in 1876 in the U.S. at the Philadelphia Centennial Exhibition. The bananas were wrapped in tinfoil and were sold for 10 cents each
A yawn usually lasts for approximately six seconds
Thirty-five percent of the people who use personal ads for dating are already married
The food that people crave the most is cheese
Every day more money is printed for Monopoly than the US Treasury
The only animal, besides humans that can get leprosy is the Armadillo
In 1894, the carnival made its debut in North America
The artist Vincent Van Gogh sliced part of his ear off in madness
According to Scientists, vampire bat saliva is the best known medicine for keeping blood from clotting.
People from North America prefer pickles with warts, where as Europeans prefer pickles with no warts
People that suffer from gum disease are twice as likely to have a stroke or heart attack
Close to 50% of the water used in a home originates from the bathroom
After the Krakatoa volcano eruption in 1883 in Indonesia, many people reported that, because of the dust, the sunset appeared green and the moon blue. The moon was said to appear blue for almost two years.
The country with the highest consumption of chocolate per capita is Switzerland, with 22 pounds per person, per year
In China, September 20 is "Love Your Teeth Day."
Actor Richard Gere was considered to play the role of John McClane in the movie Die Hard. Bruce Willis played the part instead
The record for the world?s worst drivers is a toss-up between two candidates: First, a 75-year-old man who received 10 traffic tickets, drove on the wrong side of the road four times, committed four hit-and-run offenses, and caused six accidents, all within 20 minutes on October 15, 1966. Second, a 62-year-old woman who failed her driving test 40 times before passing it in August, 1970 (by that time, she had spent over $700 in lessons, and could no longer afford to buy a car)
Tigers have striped skin, not just striped fur
Left-handed people are better at sports that require good spatial judgment and fast reaction, compared to right-handed individuals
Half of a cup of figs will give you just as much calcium as half a cup of milk
A "hairbreadth away" is 1/48 of an inch
In 1281, the Mongol army of Kublai Khan tried to invade Japan but were ravaged by a hurricane that destroyed their fleet
Walt Disney was afraid of mice
Studies show that couples that smoke during the time of conception have a higher chance of having a girl compared to couples that do not smoke
The reason why some people get a cowlick is because the growth of their hair is in a spiral pattern, which causes the hair to either stand straight up, or goes to a certain angle
Approximately 50% of Americans admit they have ran a red light
In 1755, the first Canadian post office opened in Halifax, Nova Scotia. The fist Deputy Postmaster General was American inventor Benjamin Franklin who was later dismissed for sympathizing with the American revolutionary cause
Reno, Nevada is west of Los Angeles, California.
On average, 90% of the people that have the disease Lupus are female
Unlike other four legged mammals, kangaroos cannot walk backwards
The itch from a mosquito bite can be soothed by cutting open a clove of garlic and rubbing it on the bite
If you have three quarters, four dimes, and four pennies, you have $1.19. You also have the largest amount of money in coins without being able to make change for a dollar
Most American car horns honk in the key of F
A superstition in baseball is to never lend your bat to anyone or you will be jinxed
Bats always turn left when exiting a cave
Penguins can jump as high as 6 feet in the air
In 1998, approximately 1.6 billion tree seedlings were planted in the United States. This amounts to about five trees per American
There are species of fish that can walk on land in search of water when its water source dries up. Some can survive as long as three days on land such as the snakehead fish
Racecar driver Lee Petty once left a pitstop and did a full lap at Nascar with a pit crew member still on the hood
The first fashion house to be set up was in 1858 by Charles Worth. He opened his store in Paris with the idea of having pre-made gowns presented on models to his customers
St. Patrick explained the Holy Trinity to King Laoghaire, using the shamrock to illustrate the trinity
More twins are born in the Western world than in the Eastern world
Nine egg yolks have been found in one chicken egg
The record for the longest Monopoly game played in a bathtub is ninety-nine hours
The flea can jump 350 times its body length, that is like a 6 foot-tall human jumping the length of 7 football fields
The 1988 move "Big" which was directed by Penny Marshall was the first movie by a female director to gross over $100 million domestically
When the Galileo Probe entered Jupiter's atmosphere, it was traveling at a speed of 106,000 miles per hour. This is the fastest impact speed ever achieved by a man-made object.
In 1972, a gorilla by the name of "Koko" was taught ASL (American Sign Language) for the deaf. By the year 2000, the gorilla could understand approximately 2,000 English words
3000 children die every day in Africa because of malaria
The reason why hair turns gray as we age is because the pigment cells in the hair follicle start to die, which is responsible for producing "melanin" which gives the hair colour
Approximately 125 people die in the United States from an anaphylaxis to foods each year
The word "vamp" is used to describe the upper front top of a shoe
Construction on the White House began in October of 1792
A galactic year is 250 million Earth-years. This is the time it takes for our solar system to make one revolution around the Milky Way Galaxy.
Leonardo da Vinci was dyslexic, and he often wrote backwards
The male platypus has poisonous spurs on its legs
Polar bears can smell seal from 20 miles away
Canadians Scott Abbott and Chris Haney invented Trivial Pursuit. They were planning on playing Scrabble and realized that some of the pieces were missing so they came up with the idea of making their own game; Trivial Pursuit
On average, there is about three molecules of ozone for every 10 million air molecules.
A person uses approximately fifty-seven sheets of toilet paper each day
The Barbie doll has more than 80 careers
James Buchanan was the only unmarried president of the United States
The Stanley Cup originally was only seven and a half inches high
In 1991, during an attempted political coup on Russian President Boris Yelstin, food supplies had dwindled down at the parliament buildings so they ordered Pizza Hut to deliver pizzas
Some people drink the urine of pregnant women to build up their immune system
The five Olympic rings represent the five continents linked together in friendship
Ray Kroc bought McDonalds for $2.7 million in 1961 from the McDonald brothers
It is possible to lead a cow upstairs but not downstairs
Shark cartilage has been used to make artificial skin for human burn victims
The first person to die in the electric chair was William Kemmler, an ax murderer from New York on August 6, 1890
Finland has 187,888 lakes and 179,584 islands
The average adult has approximately six pounds of skin
A crocodile can open and close its jaw but cannot move it side to side
There are over 1,000,000 swimming pools in Florida, eventhough the ocean is no farther than 80 miles away
99% of the blueberries that are produced in the United States are produced in the state of Maine
On May 9, 1999 approximately 600,000 gallons of whiskey flowed into the Kentucky River during a fire at Wild Turkey Distillery in Lawrenceburg
Thomas Jefferson had three achievements placed on his headstone at his request, "Here Was Buried Thomas Jefferson/Author Of The Declaration Of American Independence/Of The Statute Of Virginia For Religious Freedom/And Father Of The University of Virginia.? He never mentioned being President of the United States
Humans and cows have the same gestation period, which is about nine months
In the Victoria era, red tulips were a declaration of love
The sport Lacrosse was initially played by Native American Indians. They played the sport to prepare for war
It takes a sloth up to six days to digest the food it eats
According to Scandinavian traditions, if a boy and girl eat from the same loaf of bread, they are bound to fall in love
In 1796, Napoleon was only 26 years old when he took command of the French Army of Italy
A bomb dropped by the Allies on Berlin during World War II killed every animal in the Berlin Zoo except the elephant, which escaped and roamed the city. When a Russian commander saw hungry Germans chasing the elephant and trying to kill it, he ordered his troops to protect it and shoot anyone who tried to kill it
The expression "Tying the Knot" comes from an old Roman custom where the brides clothes were tied up all in knots and the groom was supposed to untie the knots
Snake is a delicacy in China
In 1999, All Nippon Airlines, had one of its jets fully decorated with Pokemon characters from nose to tail on its exterior
The Dead Sea has been sinking for last several years
Uranus has 27 moons
Actress Sally Field was paid $4,000 a week for her role in the TV show The Flying Nun
More pollution is emitted from the average home compared to the average car.
The snow leopard protects itself from extreme cold when it sleeps by wrapping its 3-foot-long tail around its nose
Only 4% of babies are born on their actual due date
In the 1940s, the FCC assigned television's Channel 1 to mobile Services(two-way radios in taxicabs, for instance) but did not re-number theotherchannel assignments. That is why your TV set has channels 2 and up, butnochannel 1.
A man named Charles Osborne had the hiccups for approximately sixty-nine years
There are more Subway restaurants in Canada than there are McDonald restaurants
The CN Tower, in Toronto, is the tallest freestanding structure in the world with a height of about 553 metres
The term "the whole 9 yards" came from W.W.II fighter pilots in the South Pacific. When arming their airplanes on the ground, the .50 caliber machine gun ammo belts measured exactly 27 feet, before being loaded into the fuselage. If the pilots fired all their ammo at a target, it got "the whole 9 yards."
Construction on the Leaning Tower of Pisa began on August 9th, 1173
President Lyndon Johnson used to smoke three packs of cigarettes a day
The Tibetan name for Mount Everest is Chomolungma
The word "laser" stands for "Light Amplification by Stimulated Emission by radiation."
In a lifetime, on average a honey bee produces 1/12th of a teaspoon of honey
There are 315 species of parrot in the world
The TV show Doctor Who, when it was popular, had an audience of 110 million people
The cost to build the Empire State Building was $40,948,900
A person who smokes a pack of cigarettes a day will on average lose two teeth every ten years
Wasps that feed on ferment occasionally get drunk and pass out
The largest cereal company in the world is Quaker Oats, located in Cedar Rapids, Iowa, USA
The first Olympic games only had one event - a foot race
Colonel Sanders traveled over 250,000 miles a year visiting various parts of his Kentucky Fried Chicken Empire
Some desert snails have been known to sleep for three to four years
Over 80% of the brain is water
From the age of thirty, humans gradually begin to shrink in size
Jackrabbits can reach a speed of fifty miles per hour and can leap as far as twenty feet
There are 40 official jelly belly flavours
Early sewing machines were destroyed by mobs or workers who felt their jobs were threatened by automation
In 1992, the Antarctic Ozone hole was larger than the continent of North America.
Someone gets divorced every ten to thirteen seconds
There is a certain type of Hawk Moth caterpillar from Brazil that inflates its thorax, which makes its head look like a head of a snake when it feels it is in danger or alarmed
The CIA has made a disk camera that is as big as a quarter. This gadget can take many pictures at a time when the disk is opened.
The Sanskrit word for "war" means "desire for more cows."
In Hong Kong, delivery times are primarily influenced by traffic conditions on elevators. It often takes drivers longer to travel vertically than horizontally, as access to elevators is so congested during "high peak" hours. This is due to the volume of people residing in high rises
The ancient Greeks had a fascination with the planet Mars. They attributed the planet to Ares, their god of war, because of its red colour
The only lizard that has a voice is the Gecko
In Israel, religious law forbids picking your nose on Sabbath
In twins, there is a great chance that one will be left handed
In the 1920's, Q-Tips were invented by Leo Gerstenzang who got the idea after watching his wife clean their baby's ears with cotton stuck onto a toothpick.
In the Pacific Islands when people get burns they often use a banana leaf as treatment
Acorns were used as a coffee substitute during the American Civil War
An airplane mechanic invented Slinky while he was playing with engine parts and realized the possible secondary use for the springs. Barbie was invented by Ruth Handler after watching her daughter play with baby dolls imagining then in grown up roles
When the female grasshopper lays eggs, she covers her eggs with a pasty liquid that protects the eggs throughout the winter
The longest recorded duration of a total solar eclipse was 7.5 minutes.
On average, an American makes three pounds of garbage in a day
Even if you eat food standing on your head, the food will still end up in your stomach
Only one person in two billion will live to be 116 or older.
The most common name in the world is Mohammed
Apple seeds are poisonous as they contain a cyanide compound
The word breakfast was coined due to the fact that after sleeping for hours, we are "breaking our fast."
The cardigan was originally made to be a military jacket made of knitted wool
The month of December is the most popular month for weddings in the Philippines
The deepest cave in the world is the "Lamprechtsofen-Vogelshacht" cave which can be found in Salzburg, Austria. The cave is 5,354 feet deep
The capital of Vermont, Montpelier is the only state capital in the United States that does not have a McDonalds
The longest engagement lasted 67 years, and the couple ended up marrying when they were 82 years old
Our eyes are always the same size from birth, but our nose and ears. never stop growing
Milk and cheese can aid in the reduction of tooth decay
On average, a strawberry has 200 seeds on it
Coconuts kill more people in the world than sharks do
The average person spends two weeks of their life kissing
Research has indicated that indoor pollution is 10 times more toxic than outdoor pollution
Eating a banana at night can help in falling asleep
The stapler was invented in Spring Valley, Minnesota.
The first television newscaster was Kolin Hager, who used to broadcast farm and weather reports in 1928
Pixie, a Siberian Husky, gave birth to 7 puppies, one of which was bright green
Back in 1953, it took 27 hours to make one Marshmallow Peep. Now it takes only six minutes
On average, an ear of a corn has 16 rows and approximately 800 kernels
The green ring that is formed around the yolk of eggs that have been cooked too long is formed by the chemical reaction from the iron in the yolk and the sulphur in the white part of the egg
The silk that is produced by spiders is stronger than steel
The first president to have a picture taken was John Quincy Adams
Some brands of toothpaste contain glycerin or glycerol, which is also an ingredient in antifreeze
1 in 2000 babies are born with a tooth that is already visible
It was during World War II that clothes with elastic waists were introduced. This is because the metal used in zippers was badly needed for the war
In 1902, the game table tennis was brought to the U.S. from Europe by Parker Brothers
Hershey's Kisses are called that because the machine that makes themlooks like it's kissing the conveyor belt.
The fat from sheep, which is called tallow can be used to make soap and candles
Next to bone marrow, hair is the fastest growing tissue in the human body
Sigmund Freud had a morbid fear of ferns
When playing competitive darts the player must be 7 feet 9 1/4 inches back from the dartboard. Also the board must be 5 feet 8 inches above the floor
In England, the Speaker of the House is not allowed to speak
Earthworms have 5 hearts
If all the gold sitting in the oceans and seas were mined, every person on this plant would get about 20 kilograms of gold each.
To make an espresso 42 coffee beans are needed
The oil that is found in poison ivy is called "urushiol."
Of all the days of the week, the most popular day for people to eat ice cream is Sunday
The first museum in Moscow that was set up in 1791 was the Natural History Laboratory at Moscow University. This later was changed to the Zoological Museum
A surfer once sued another surfer for "stealing his wave." The case was thrown out because the court was unable to put a price on "pain and suffering" endured by the surfer watching someone else ride "his" wave
Many people in parts of China eat insects. Some common insects are bean worms, scoprions, and locusts
The largest dog in the world is the Irish Wolfhound
Ernest Vincent Wright wrote a fifty thousand-word novel, "Gadsby," without any word containing the letter "e."
The projection light used for IMAX theaters can be seen from space.
The human liver performs over 500 functions
Ballroom dancing is a course at Brigham Young University in Utah
The word "maverick" came into use after Samuel Maverick, a Texan, refused to brand his cattle. Eventually any unbranded calf became known as a Maverick
Finnish folklore states that when Santa comes to Finland to deliver gifts, he leaves his sleigh behind and rides on a goat named Ukko instead
More than $1 billion is spent each year on neck ties in the United States
In the 18th century, potatoes were given out as a dessert. They were served in a napkin, salted and hot
The only poisonous birds in the world are the three species of Pitohui. The Hooded Pitohui from Papua New Guinea is the most deadliest out of the three
Pretzels were originally invented for Christian Lent. The twists of the pretzels are to resemble arms crossed in prayer
The American Airlines Center in Dallas has more toilets per capita than any other sports and entertainment venue in the country
After 8 months, babies are more likely to get a diaper rash
The first modern toothbrush was invented in China. Its bristles came from hogs hair or the mane of a horse that were then put into ivory handles
The New Zealand Kiwi bird cannot fly
66% of wedding cards are hand delivered by people
Heavier lemons produce more, and tastier, juice
The leading cause of poisoning for children under the age of six in the home is liquid dish soap
The same amount of calories are burned by doing 6 sessions that are 5 minutes each of an activity and doing 1 session of that activity for 30 minutes
General William Booth is the founder of the Salvation Army
Iguanas can stay under water for up to thirty minutes
The fastest flying butterfly is the Monarch, which has been clocked with a speed as high as 17 miles per hour
Egyptian pyramid builders used to eat a lot of garlic because they thought it would increase their strength
The average office document gets copied 19 times
In just the first 56 days of life, the larva of the polyphemus moth eats about 86,000 times its birthweight
Every hour one billion cells in the body must be replaced
American actor Jack Nicholson, and American singer Bobby Darrin were raised believing their grandmothers were their mothers and their mothers were their older sisters
The first Ford cars had Dodge engines
The average height of an NBA basketball player is 6 feet 7 inches
One in five Americans move homes every year
The chocolate chip cookie was invented in 1933
The capital of Burkina Faso is Ouagadougou
A catfish has about 100,000 taste buds
The Liberty Bell was the first mechanical slot machine, which was invented by Charles Fey, a car mechanic in 1895.
A Russian man who wore a beard during the time of Peter the Great had to pay a special tax
The silkworm moth has lost the ability to fly ever since it has been domesticated
The first cheerleaders in the U.S. were men
The name Jeep came from the abbreviation used in the army for the "General Purpose" vehicle, G.P
The odds of having quadruplets are 1 in 729,000
In 1965, the price for an issue of TV Guide was 15 cents
In 1565 In St. Augustine, Florida the first orange trees were planted
Nose prints are used to identify dogs, much like humans use fingerprints
In the United States, six tubs of Cool Whip, a brand of whipping cream, are sold every second
The most popular chocolate bar in the United Kingdom for the last 15 years has been Kit Kat
White-Out was invented by Bette Nesmith Graham, who is the mother of Michael Nesmith from the "The Monkees."
There are over 2,000 different types of cheese in the world
The giant squid has the largest eyes in the world
Owls swallow their prey whole because they have no teeth. After approximately 12 hours they cough up the feathers, bones, and fur in a shape of a football pellet
Historically, a blue ribbon has been awarded for first prize
Seventy-one percent of households report they have at least one snorer. Forty-five percent of those surveyed admit they snore, 35% said their partner snores, 12% said their child snores and 9% reported their pet snores
The original meaning of the word grocer was referring to a person who traded food in wholesale. These people would usually sell in large quantities, or by the "gross."
Research indicates that mosquitoes are attracted to people who have recently eaten bananas
Actress Michelle Pfeiffer was the first choice to play Clarice Starling in the movie "Silence of the Lambs." She turned down the role because she found it too scary
The White House has 35 bathrooms, 3 elevators, 132 rooms, and 412 doors in it
Due to the deforestation of the forests in North China, over one million tons of sands blows into Beijing from the Gobi desert. It sometimes causes the sky to turn yellow.
Cows are able to hear lower and higher frequencies better than human beings
Approximately 60% of the water used by households during the summer is used for watering flowers, and lawns
The largest diamond that was ever found was 3106 carats.
In 1970, Chip maker Intel purchased a pear orchard to build their corporate headquarters on
The mating call of a male toadfish, who are underwater, is so loud that it can be heard by humans above water
The most popular jelly belly jellybean flavour is buttered popcorn
The Nike swoosh was invented by Caroline Davidson back in 1971. She received $35 for making the swoosh. The first shoe with the swoosh was introduced in 1972
Slaves under the last emperors of China wore pigtails so they could be picked out quickly
A crocodile cannot stick its tongue out
Kiwis are the only known bird to have nostrils located at the tip of their beak
An adult esophagus can range from 10 to 14 inches in length and is one inch in diameter
A squash ball moving at 150 kilometers per hour has the same impact of a .22 bullet
Telephonophobia is the fear of telephones
The word alligator comes from the Spanish word El Lagarto, which means "The Lizard."
While still in college, Bill Gates and Paul Allen once built a special purpose machine called "Traff-O-Data." It was a machine that would analyze information gathered by traffic monitors. They never found any buyers.
The citric acid found in lemon juice is said to be able to dissolve a pearl
Robert Southey wrote the story "Goldilocks and the Three Bears" in 1834
The tallest woman in the world is American Sandy Allen who is 7 feet 7 inches
American Airlines saved $40,000 in 1987 by eliminating one olive from each salad served in first-class
Astronauts get taller when they are in space
Only 5 to 10 percent of cheetah cubs make it to adulthood
Dentyne gum was invented in 1899 by a druggist from New York named Franklin V. Canning
It takes about three hours for food to be broken down in the human stomach
When former Texas Governor James Hogg was on his deathbed he made a special request that a pecan tree be planted at the head of his grave instead of a tombstone. The governor passed away on March 2, 1906, which is Texas Independence Day. The pecan tree is now the state tree of Texas
In a year, there are 60,000 trampoline injuries that occur in the U.S
There is an organization called SCROOGE in Charlottesville, Virginia that stands for Society to Curtail Ridiculous, Outrageous, and Ostentatious Gift Exchanges. This was formed to keep gift giving affordable and simple
The first World Series baseball playoffs occurred in 1903
Archipelago is the word to describe a large group of islands that are located close together
The life expectancy of a garbage disposal is about 5 to 10 years
In the original movie "101 Dalmatians," there are exactly 6,469,952 spots on all 101 Dalmatians as they are shown in 113,760 frames of the film combined
The average North American car contains 300 pounds of plastics
A person who is a specialist in wine making is called an oenologist
You can only smell 1/20th as well as a dog
The number one cause of rabies in the United States are bats
The music for "The Star Spangled Banner" comes from a British drinking song named "Anacreon."
27 percent of U.S. male college students believe life is "a meaningless existential hell." (big surprise, eh?)
Close to fifty percent of the bacteria in the mouth lives on the surface of our tongue
Less than 1% of the women in the world will ever be able to wear a diamond that is the size of a carat or more
Ketchup originated in China as a pickled fish sauce called ke-tsiap
An ostrich's eye is bigger that it's brain.
In Britain, The Red Lion is the most common name for a pub
In 1997, the record for the highest skydive by a dog at 4,572 feet was established by a dog named Brutus
The majority of burglaries occur during the daytime when people are not home
Traditionally, wild cabbage was used as an aphrodisiac